# Material-UI Login Form with Dashboard Integration Project Logo

## This project implements a user-friendly login form using Material-UI, a
popular UI library for React applications. The login form consists of
input fields for email and password. When the user clicks the submit
button, an alert will display their entered information. Upon confirming
the alert, users are directed to the dashboard page, where a
personalized welcome message greets them.

Features Material-UI Form: The login form is designed using Material-UI
components, ensuring a modern and responsive layout. Input Fields: The
form includes input fields for email and password, enabling users to
securely input their login credentials. Submit Button: Clicking the
submit button triggers the validation and displays a pop-up alert with
the user\'s login information. Pop-Up Alert: The pop-up alert shows the
user\'s entered email and password, allowing them to verify their data
before proceeding. Smooth Navigation: Upon confirming the alert, users
are smoothly directed to the dashboard page. Dashboard Integration: The
dashboard displays a warm welcome message, personalized with the user\'s
email ID and password. Technologies Used ReactJS: Handles the dynamic
rendering of components. Material-UI: Provides the UI components and
styling for the login form and pop-up alert. HTML/CSS: Used for basic
structure and styling. Installation Clone the repository:

bash Copy code git clone https://github.com/jigarvyasidea/task-2-celebal
Navigate to the project directory: cd task-2-celebal

bash Copy code cd task-2-celebal Install the dependencies: MUI Icon ,
telwind css and react icons

Copy code npm install Start the development server:

sql Copy code npm start Open your browser and visit
http://localhost:3000 to see the application running.

Usage Fill in the email and password fields in the login form. Click the
submit button. An alert will display the entered information. Click the
\"OK\" button on the alert. You will be redirected to the dashboard
page, where a personalized welcome message awaits. Contributing
Contributions are welcome! If you have any ideas, improvements, or
issues, please open an issue or submit a pull request.

License This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Acknowledgments Special thanks to the developers and contributors of
ReactJS and Material-UI for their amazing libraries and resources that
made this project possible.

Contact For any inquiries or questions, please feel free to contact us
at Jigarvyasidea@gmail.com
